README.md, before:

# CA Combos API v2

This is a rewritten API for a potential CA Combos (https://cacombos.com) competitor.

## Local development

This project is written in PHP with Laravel 9.

To run this locally, you should use Laravel Sail and Composer.

### Requirements

-   Docker
-   PHP 8.1 locally
-   Composer 2 or later
-   Linux (including via WSL)

### Installing dependencies

```
composer update
```

This will install all the required PHP dependencies for the project.

### Environment setup

Add the following line to your `~/.bashrc` or `~/.zshrc`:

```
alias sail='[ -f sail ] && sh sail || sh vendor/bin/sail'
```

Then, run `source ~/.bashrc` to update your active terminal instance.

### Laravel environment

Make a copy of `.env.example` named `.env`.

By default, the app will run at `http://local.davw.network`. This is a publicly available domain which resolves to localhost (`127.0.0.1`).

You can change this by altering the `.env` key-value pairs `APP_URL` and `SESSION_DOMAIN`.

By default, this `.env` file will have an empty app key. You should never share this app key as it is used to generate a secret used for encryption within your Laravel app. When you launch the Sail containers, you will be prompted to generate an app key.

### Running the API

Now, simply tell Sail to boot all the containers.

```
sail up -d
```

This might take several minutes depending on your device and internet speed. It will pull many Docker images and install various OS dependencies within its Docker containers needed to run the app.

The majority of this is a one-time process. Subsequent runs will take only a matter of seconds to start.

Once you are told that all containers are started, navigate to http://local.davw.network. You will be prompted with an error page, with an option to generate an app key. Click this, and your setup is complete.

Commit message:

docs: add note about dev container

README.md, after:

# CA Combos API v2

This is a rewritten API for a potential CA Combos (https://cacombos.com) competitor.

## Local development

This project is written in PHP with Laravel 9.

To run this locally, you should use Laravel Sail and Composer.

> If you're using VS Code, you might want to use the included dev container. You should be prompted automatically by VS Code to relaunch the project in the provided dev container.

### Requirements

-   Docker
-   PHP 8.1 locally
-   Composer 2 or later
-   Linux (including via WSL)

### Installing dependencies

```
composer update
```

This will install all the required PHP dependencies for the project.

### Environment setup

Add the following line to your `~/.bashrc` or `~/.zshrc`:

```
alias sail='[ -f sail ] && sh sail || sh vendor/bin/sail'
```

Then, run `source ~/.bashrc` to update your active terminal instance.

### Laravel environment

Make a copy of `.env.example` named `.env`.

By default, the app will run at `http://local.davw.network`. This is a publicly available domain which resolves to localhost (`127.0.0.1`).

You can change this by altering the `.env` key-value pairs `APP_URL` and `SESSION_DOMAIN`.

By default, this `.env` file will have an empty app key. You should never share this app key as it is used to generate a secret used for encryption within your Laravel app. When you launch the Sail containers, you will be prompted to generate an app key.

### Running the API

Now, simply tell Sail to boot all the containers.

```
sail up -d
```

This might take several minutes depending on your device and internet speed. It will pull many Docker images and install various OS dependencies within its Docker containers needed to run the app.

The majority of this is a one-time process. Subsequent runs will take only a matter of seconds to start.

Once you are told that all containers are started, navigate to http://local.davw.network. You will be prompted with an error page, with an option to generate an app key. Click this, and your setup is complete.
